Add Azure DevOps pipeline support with pipeline parameter (#379)
Keboo/DotnetTemplates: README.md

- [NuGet Package Solution](./templates/Library/NuGet/README.md)
- [System.CommandLine Solution](./templates/Console/ConsoleApp/README.md)

> All templates support both GitHub Actions and Azure DevOps Pipelines. Use the `--ci-provider` parameter to choose:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many templates support both GitHub Actions and Azure DevOps Pipelines. Use the `--pipeline` parameter to choose:
```
